React
skills required to be able to use react
1)Thinking in components
2)understand One way data flow
3)virtual dom
4)Great Eco system
    How to add react to your project
1)npm install -g create-react-app
after creating the app globally, we say
2)create-react-app nameOfApp
after naming the app,
3)npm start

What is react 
This is a javascript view library that is,react Focuses only on rendering the UI using javascript
A library in programming is a collection of pre-written code that developers can use to simplify tasks 
and avoid "reinventing the wheel
This is the core of the package that does the Dom manipulation for us 
React is so good that you can create components that is reuseable
    What is react Dom
React DOM is the package that allows React to interact with the actual Document Object Model (DOM) in web browsers.
It provides methods to render React components into the browser and update the UI efficiently.

note:
-whenever we are importing, we can either use only the filename or the filename.js
./ means we can getting the file from the same directory
-Whenever you are building a component, it should be capitalized
-When returning inside the js file, after the return add a parenthesis because the return keyword returns only one line.

    Tachyons
This is similar to bootstrap.
It has predefined classes that can be added to our html elements.
    How to install tachyons
npm install tachyons

    jsx
This allows you to write html inside javascript
in react we use className instead of class cos class is a reserved word in js.
you put js components in {} brackets when writing it with html

    Props(properties)
These are html attributes
These are inputs that we get and never modify them.
props are a way to pass data from a parent component to a child component in React. 

    children
Every props object has children

    State
It is an object that discribes your application.
State is able to change
state lives in the parent component
Any component that has state uses the class syntax

Props are things that comes out of state
A parent feeds state into a child component, as soon as the child componet receives a state, it is a property(props).

    exports
for exports that are not default, we destructure it

Whenever you loop, you have to give it a unique key

one way data flow
This means that in react, data flows one way i.e from parent to children

    functions
anytime you create your own function in react, use arror function
when you use react smart components, you dont use arror function

    setState()
This is used to change state in react

    Smart components
Any component that has state is called a smart component.
They tend to have "class" syntax

    life cycle methods/hooks
Go to react.dev for the new React docs
They are called life cycle hooks because they get run whenever a component does something.
examples 
-render()
-componentDidcatch()

    fetch()
This is a windows object, it is a tool for us to make request

    Style
You can add style in react by using double curly brackets

npm run build
This generates an optimized production-ready version of the app.
What It Does
-Minifies JavaScript & CSS to reduce file size.
-Optimizes assets (e.g., images, fonts) for better performance.
-Removes development-specific code (e.g., warnings, hot reloading).
-Outputs a build/ folder with static files ready to be deployed.

    Erorr Boundaries
This is a way of managing our react app incase one of our components break.
This is used in production

    State Management
state discribes what our app should look like
react is a group of components that are rendered in a tree like structure
think of state as memory
we can have different state in different components

    Ridux
This solves the problem of state Management
This gives one massive component the entire state and pass them as props to any components that need them 
ridux is a library that makes state Management easier

    Why use ridux
-Good for managing large state
-Useful for sharing data within containers
-Predictable state Management using the following principles
    The 3 principles
-one very big object that determines the entire state of the app.
-state is read only. cannot be modified
-changes using pure function

    How redux works
1)action: whenever you click a button, it goes through a reducer
2)reducer: This is a pure function, it receives an input and it returns an Output
3)store: the output from the pure function is a state(store)
4)Make chaanges to the store

note: ridux === this.state

    installing redux(video18)
npm install redux
npm install react-redux

react redux will connect only the containers to redux store.

website 

https://robohash.org/

https://www.cufonfonts.com/font/sega-logo-font

https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/


